VERIFYING THE RECOVERY-DUALITY CERTIFICATE

Two different checks
--------------------
python3 verify_packet.py checks the files against the recorded successful
build, the expected negative-control failure and the axiom audit. It is
a lightweight consistency check, not a proof checker or a fresh Lean run.
The report and its hashes are evidence from the author; independent
verification requires compiling the supplied Lean sources yourself.

Pinned versions
---------------
Lean:    4.34.0
mathlib: 5ed2965256430c3649e86755f9576b54eca72435

The 15 source files in lean/ are byte-for-byte copies of the Azure build
inputs: 13 positive modules and two separate negative controls. They have
not been modified to make this packet. The recorded build and axiom
outputs are under evidence/. verification-code-azure.json records the
scope, hashes, compiler command, negative control and completed cleanup.

Rebuilding on an Azure Linux worker
----------------------------------
This workspace requires all substantial Lean work to run in Azure.
The original job used a 12 GiB process-group memory limit, a maximum
35-minute worker lifetime, 90-second module limits and an independent
Azure deletion guard armed before compute creation. Use an equivalently
bounded worker with independent cleanup; collect the outputs and confirm
resource deletion. Do not interpret a timeout or interruption as success.

The following commands describe the compiler environment inside that
already provisioned worker. They do not provision, bound or clean up
Azure resources. They have not been rerun while preparing this packet.

Install Lean 4.34.0 so that lean and lake from that release are on PATH.
Check lean --version before proceeding. From a fresh work directory:

  git init mathlib
  git -C mathlib remote add origin https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4.git
  git -C mathlib fetch --depth 1 origin 5ed2965256430c3649e86755f9576b54eca72435
  git -C mathlib checkout --detach FETCH_HEAD

Copy the packet's lean/*.lean files into this mathlib directory. Then,
inside that directory, obtain the pinned dependencies' binary cache:

  lake exe cache get Mathlib.lean

Compile each positive module in this order:

  Sampling Words Occupancy TailFormula Pairing MatroidDual Result Audit
  CodeLinear CodeGenerator CodeResult CodeProbability CodeAudit

For each module MODULE, use the original compiler invocation with an
outer 90-second timeout and the worker-wide resource limits above:

  LEAN_PATH="$PWD" lake env lean -j1 -M6000 -DwarningAsError=true -DElab.async=false -o MODULE.olean MODULE.lean

Every positive module must exit successfully. Inspect Audit and CodeAudit
output. The code audit covers eleven declarations, including the actual
orthogonal dual, both recovery characterizations, the generator bridge,
complementary recovery, convergent expectation, the main duality theorem,
balance equivalence, self-dual means and the exact-word interpretation.
Their axiom dependencies must be limited to propext, Classical.choice
and Quot.sound.

Run CodeNegativeControl separately, using the same compiler flags.
It must fail specifically because True.intro has type True rather than
False. A missing import, failed download or timeout is not a successful
negative control. Neither negative-control source belongs in the positive
build. NegativeControl is the preserved earlier matroid-stage control.

Trust boundary
--------------
The certificate trusts the standard Lean kernel and the pinned upstream
mathlib cache. A source-token scan and a rejected false proof supplement
that check; they are not substitutes for kernel checking and do not show
that the compiler has no possible bugs. No independent kernel audit has
been performed for this result.
